1. Webpack is a most popular build tool and widely used in current world where we have reached single page application 
with lots of dynamic features.

Understanding how application were used to build before Webpack. 
what are those approches, challenges faced and how did all they over come.

Stage 1 Challenges:

One application with three files.
main.js
external.js
payment.js

1. The the olden days the applications used to have all the .js file with large content.
2. Here Debugging is hard.
3. Working with code change is hard.
4. Failure impact was more.
5. Scoping issues.

Stage 2:

Later developers used to split the code.

One application with multiple files.

main.js
auth.js
cart.js
payment.js
support.js
external.js

1. Less code in each file.
2. Debugging was easy.
3. Easy to build and scale.

Challenges:

1. Order of execution is important. We have starting point as html file and then all the remaining files should be
arranged in proper order.
2. Hard to manage. 
3. Network load issues. many api call request to server may slow down the application.

Stage 3:

Later server side application.

1. Request made to server and server will response the html page.
2. All the heavy things are happening on server. thus client is now made lighter.

Satge 4:

Singel Page Application. 

1. Now a days developers are maintaining SPA where initally the server will response a basic html page and 
remaining all the js file and files will load in the client only and shown to users.
2. The components are arranged in a structured way.
3. Redux, utility, services, all these are separated and multiple libraries are supported to install and use.

Challenges:

1. Large js code on client with multiple dependencies.
2. We need to breakdown the js file for faster loading.
2. Using polyfills to work applications in older browsers.

To resolve all these Webpack comes into picture.

Solution 1:

1. To resolve stage 2 problem with multiple js file, webpack expects a entry point file from where our application starts
and then all the files are compressed and redused the sizes.

Multiple files ------> main.js ------> bundle.js

Solution 2:

1. To resolve SPA application webpack expects the entry file.
2. Prepare dependencies hirarchy.
3. Create final bundle. It could be single or multiple files based on our configuration.
4. Take care of neccessary conversion from ts to js 
5. Dependencies are in correct order.
6. bundle is optimized, minified, compressed.
7. Convert css pre proccessor file to css file.
8. Moving static assets like images to file bundle.


How Webpack work:

Entry point -- one or more entry points
Loader -- Different file type transformation
Plugins -- Global transformation
Output -- optimized bundle

Features of Webpack:

1. Load different assets
2. Dependency Graph.
3. Optimized production build.
4. Bundle splitting.
5. Hot module replacement.
6. Dead code elimination
7. Module federation.
8. Caching.
9. Duplicate code elimination.