Rendering.

1. Rendering is the process of transforming the component code you write into user interface that user interact.

2. In next.js the tricky part is to build a performant application is figuring out when and where the transformation
should happen

3. Next.js is built top on React.js.

Understanding React traditional way of rendering and how it evolved.

*Client-Side-Rendering (CSR)

1. React was primarily build of Single Page Application (SPA). 

2. In SPA client request the server and server will respond or send a single div tag container with a js bundle 
reference to the browser.

3. browser now download all the js bundle and then start building the UI on the browser side.

Drawbacks of SPA

1. SEO : When search engines look for your website then mainly look for html content. Since in SPA only the empty div tag
is been sent to browser seo unable to process or handle or work on this or figure out what is your page is about.
When you have lots of components and many api calls to do, it would require time to render. and seo cant even catch them.

2. Performance: Browser is doing lot of things, fetching data, building UI, adding interactivity. and this end up users
look at loading spinners till the ui is fully built and showns. Everytime a new feature adds the js bundle is getting even
more bigger and causing mainly problem for the users with slow internet connection.

*Server-Side-Rendering (SSR)

1. SSR is a evolving approach where server will only built the initial hmtl content instead of empty div tag and then 
send this initial html content + js bundle to the browser.

2. Now browser immediately have the html content and seo can now search and figure out our application.

3. Loading spinners now reduced their time and users could able to view the initial ui faster.

Drawbacks of SSR:

1. SSR will only generate the initial hmtl content. it will send this html + js bundle to the browser.
the initial page does not have user interaction part. this ui interaction will be build by the browser.

*Hydration: 

1. Hydration means a initial static hmtl page without any interaction is been brought to live.

2. React takes control on the browser and reconstruct the initial tree in the memory, using SSR's initial page as a blueprint.

3. It carefully looks where the interaction elements should go and hooks up the js logic.

4. In this phase application state, event handlers, and setting up all the dynamic features needed for the user interaction
are setup.

*Static Site Generation (SSG)

1. SSG happens during build time when you deploy your application to the server. 

2. The static html files are created during the build time only and then stored on the server.

3. Now when a user request again the server will not generate these files. instead it will serve directly.

4. On other hand SSR will render the pages on demand. It's ideal for personlized content like social media 
feeds where the html content may change based on who logged in.

Drawbacks of SSR:

Building components cannot wait for data fetching:

1. Components cannot start render, then stop for any data need to be fetched from api and than resume rendering.
this cannot be possible.

2. So what ever the data that is required for a component to be build, should be fetched before only.

Delay in Performance

3. This increases the delay for components to be built at server side.

Hydration component tree should match the server-rendered tree.

4. For successful Hydration where react adds interactivity to the server-rendered html, the component tree in the browser
should exactly match the server-generated component tree.

5. This means all the js required for a component should load on the client before you can start hydration any item.

Hyderate everything even to use onething

6. React hydrates the components in a single phase. meaning once it started it will hydrate the entire component tree.

7. With this even to interact with one component react should complete hydration all the components.

All or nothing waterfall:

1. We cannot start,resume component rendering before data fetching. 

2. All the js should load on the client before starting hydration.

3. Every component needs to be hydrated even if one of them need to be interacted.


*Suspense SSR Architecture

1. React tells the server instead of sending all the completed rendered components, its ok to send which ever are completed.
React will show the loading spinner for that pending component and rest of them are ready to use. Once the component is 
ready then server will send that one component with its small js bundle to the client and react knowns exactly where to place it.

<Layout>
    <Header/>
    <Suspense fallback={<Spinner/>}>
        <MainContent/>
    <Suspense/>
    <Sidenav/>
    <Footer/>
<Layout/>

by the time react loads all these remaining components, server will be sending the next completed component.

2. Code splitting: 
Even though all the components reaching client one by one here hydration cannot to be started. because hydration needs
all the js to be loading to start.

This code splitting tells your bundler "These parts of the code aren't urgent - split them into separate script."

Here the main section js script will be separated and rest of the bundle is sent to the browser. and now browser has 
most of the js bundle data and ready to hydrate.

React.lazy for code splitting.

*Selective Hydration

1. By wrapping main section component with <Suspense> component, you are not just enabling streaming but also telling
react its ok to start hydrating other parts before everything is ready.

2. This is called Selective Hydration.

3. It allows hydration of the parts of the page as they become available, even before rest of the html and js code are fully downloaded.

4. Now the users can interact with the other parts of the page like headers, sidebar without waiting for the interacting of
main page.

5. This also prioritize the hydration. if there are sidebar and main content need to be hydrated and user trying to click on 
main section then react immediately switchs to main content and try to finish this hydration. 


*Drawbacks for Suspense Architecture

1. Even though we are sending js bundle bit by bit to the browser to hydrate, the browser end up downloading all the js code 
for the webpage.

2. As we keep adding features the code keeps growing.

Do users or browser really needs to download all the data?

3. React is hydrating all the components even which are not required for interaction.

Should all the components need to be hydrated, even those that dont need to be interacted??

4. even though servers are good enough to handle heavy processing. we are still making user's devices do bulk
of the js work.

This can slow down devices which are less powerfull.

Shouldn't we be leveraging our servers more?    


The Evolution of React

CSR ----> SSR ------> Suspense for SSR

Challenges:

1. Large bundle sizes causing excessive download size for users

2. Unneccesary hydaratin delays

3. Heavy client side rendering causing poor performance.

* React Server Components (RSC)

1. React server components (RSC) represents a new architecture design by the react team.

2. This approach leverages the strength of both servers and clients to opitimize efficiency, load times and interactivity.

This architecture introduced DUAL-COMPONENT MODEL

1. Client components
2. Server components

*Client Components

1. Client Components are familiar to React components we've have been using.

2. They are typically rendered on the client side (CSR) but they can also be rendered to the HTML server, allowing
users to see the page's html content rather than a blank screen.

3. Client components can also be rendered on the server.

4. Client components are primarily operates on client but/should can also run once on the server for better performance.

5. Client components have full access to the client environment. such as browser allowing them to use state, effects,
and event handlers for handling interactivity.

6. They can also access browser exlusive api's such as geolocation or local storage, allowing you to build UI for specific
reason.

7. Infact client components are not any new things, these only help us differentiate from server components.

*Server Components 

1. Server components are new type of react components specifically designed to operate exclusively on the server.

2. Their code stays on the server and never downloaded to client.

3. This design choise gives multiple benefits to react applications.

Advantages:

1. Smaller bundle size. Since all the code stays on the server, all their dependencies stays on the server too.
so no need of the browser to downlaod their js bundle and parse,execucte etc. Also with this no need of hydration, makeing your app laod and become interactive faster.

2. Direct access to server resources: Server components can directly interact with databases, file systems, making
data fetching super efficient without any client side processing. They use servers power and proximity to data sourcing
to manage compoute intensive rendering task.

3. Enhanced Security: since server components only runs on server, sensitive data and api keys, tokens never leave server.

4. Improve data fetching: Server components allow you to move data fetching to the server. closer to your data source.
This can improve performance by reducing the time taking to fetch data needed for rendering. and the no of request 
client needs to make.

5. Caching:  When you render on the server, server can cache data and reuse them. so no need to fetch, calculate
the data all the time.

6. Faster Initial page load and first contentful page: By generating html on the server, users see your content immediately
no waiting for js to downlaod and execute.

7. Improved SEO: now the search engines can easily index your pages and process on it.

With these RSC server components are responsible for data fetching and static rendering while client components are responsible
for page interactions using most of the both client and server resources efficiently while using single language, framework and 
set of api's